This "Careers" folder is where I store everything including my Resume/application documents, 
jobs I've applied to, companies I'm specifically interested in, interview prepartion, 
brainstorming about my career, and contacts for roles. I want this to keep this as my 
main filestore for my documents, and I want you to be able to read through documents like companies
 I've applied to, answers I've given to application documents, etc. to help me craft future answers,
  sense patterns in my applications, and help for other general application tasks.  
  The first step to doing this, is that we will change the resume generator to create tailored resumes
  based off of two "master" untouched resumes.


  They're in my google drive under career/resumes. The two reference resumes are "Master" 
  which is a complete encapsulation of every possible work experience that I've had, and 
  every possible bullet that I could use under each opportunity. The second are my forks of 
  (BASE) based on the date they're generated. This resume is my go-to for engineering/product 
  design/robotics that I use about 90% of the time.

When creating a tailored resume for a role, it will mainly consist of using the most recent fork
 of my engineering one (BASE) and making adjustments to my skills sections and the bullet points
  based off of the job system, highlighting keywords to match ATS system tracking. The main focus
   here is to optimize for ATS, and for the first two experiences to catch the reader's eye. When
    doing this, you will mainly pull information from that master resume. This includes all of my
     skills you can pull from, and different options for bullets that you can include. You can also
      merge or combine different bullet points when it makes sense to either reduce or improve the
       demonstraiton of one skill set in exchange for another.

Sometimes, however, I'll ask you to create an entirely new resume, using my master.
 I'll give you a new job, and this will likely be different from the typical engineering roles I face,
  but I do have experience in event planning, hospitality, and others that I may apply for going forward.
   In this case, you'll likely be creating new sections for the resume, but still pulling from the experiences
    in my master resume. I will work with you very collaboratively to do this, and we will work the resume
     generation together. An example of this is how I have an "operations" resume. 

In both of these methods you will check with me afterwards to refine the resume before it's complete, 
and you will have to ensure that the resume is less than 1 page. 
In this case I am giving you permission to write to these resume documents.


Job Search:
I want to develop a job board that tracks all of the jobs that I've applied to in Notion.
I want this to include a space for company, title of the job, location of the job, the link 
to the job, and the date I applied. This is the only information I want clearly visible in the 
database. The other information can be stored cleanly in another page, but please offer another 
idea if you have one for how to attach data to these roles.
I then want to create a way to track the following: contacts for the role (with information about 
their email, linkedin, number, how I know them, and their position), how I applied to the role 
(cold apply, referral, recruiter reached out to me, I reached out to recruiter, cold apply with 
linkedin inmail, cold apply with email message, cold apply with connection note), and then I want
 to include how far I've gotten in each interview.
I also want to track how much I feel like my experience is aligned to these roles, 
(with the option in the future to expand to more specific info in this section like 
YOE, technical skills, soft skills, etc.). I also want to track how much I'm excited
 for the specific role.